tied to a picnic
take out the strawberries enjoy the
fresh picnic if you please lay down hi
today we're going to show you how to
make a refreshing fruit quencher perfect
for any lunch or picnic have you washed
your hands yeah brilliant let's go
through everything we need we've got a
chopping board a small knife a large
knife these are really quite important
spending on the size of the children's
hand a spoon a fork an ice cube tray a
measuring jug a container to mix up all
the juice in couple of glasses obviously
to have a drink and then we've got some
ingredients we've got cranberry
grapefruit orange and lemons and to top
it off we've got some sparkling water
first of all we need to make sure you've
got some ice cubes ready so make sure
you've got your ice cube tray fill it up
to the level and pop them in the freezer
takes about a couple of hours for them
to freeze we've got some that we made
earlier while up they're cold can you
feel it
Oh lovely you could also put some fresh
fruit or mint leaves into your trays
with the water it gives it just an extra
bit of flavor this is a perfect time for
you to be able to pause the video it
gives you a chance to fill up the ice
cube tray and pop it into the freezer
and then return when you're ready
right Madalena I need to get you
chopping it's chopping the fruit
marlenas hands are on the larger side
compared to Milo's so we're going to use
the large of knife for this one we're
going to use the bridge technique to
help us stabilize the fruit and the
large knife to cut through the large
item it's quite good to get an adult to
do this right now
just so that they can start off the
process for the children and then the
children can take over madellaine oh if
I can get you to then use the claw
technique to slice down into little
pieces and then we can put that into the
jug when you're ready you're right back
Milo we need to get you measuring
measuring now is really important to get
the quantities right we're going to do
400 mils of cranberry juice into the
measuring jug of Milo we need to find
the line of 400 on this one we've got
several different types of measuring
units find the millimeter lines and we
need 400 which means that we need to
lots of 200 can you fill up the
cranberry juice for me Milo up to this
line it's much easier if the child can
see from the side rather than from the
top because they tend to look over the
top when they're pouring but if you
guide them and show them from the side
then they can use the lines
appropriately that's it
stop let's put it in here Eddie and do
the same again fill it up for me again
how you doing Madeline you finding that
bit tricky again yes please
there we go we've used the bridge
technique again just so that we can get
those final bits minding our fingers as
well Madalena you put that in there for
me as well well done umm you're really
good at measuring
yeah when Madeline is done her oranges
fab brilliant Milo you pop more in for
me and then we need to do 200 mil of the
grapefruit juice
good work let's put the lid back on this
one Madalena could you please do the
lemon for me I'll get you to use the
bridge technique so you bridge over
that's it
stabilise the item push down on it
that's it and then you can cut it and
then you do too
hundred milliliters so the same
measurement again but only one lot fab
and you now use your claw technique cut
the slices again that's good perfect
there we go you put that in then for me
Milo try and keep it over the top so
then we don't spill any we want to drink
it all don't we yeah there we go I'm
going to put in the ice cubes please
I've melted a little bit but um it's
fine it makes it easier for them to come
out if you're finding a little bit
tricky with the citrus fruit then we can
always make it fork secure but alone I'm
going to show you something a second
here we go if you give yourself what we
can do is hold the lemon in place with
the fork and then use the prongs to cut
through your that way you aren't you so
if you hold it like that and then you
chop making it fork secure with the item
down this way right there we go I can
always get an adult to help you like
this if you're finding it tricky because
sometimes oh this Ginn's are quite tough
there we go we've done it well done
Madalena pop those in the fruit punch
for me ah have you done it well done
Thank You Milo there we go give it a
shake or you could give it a stir even
this combines at all so I'm going to
give the glass to the children so they
can taste it in second I'm going to top
up the rest of the punch with the
sparkling water
this will give it that lovely little
fizz
there we go oh right you know tell me
when to stop my leg yeah good boy
there we go look at that glug glug glug
can you hear it fizzing and can you
smell it can you smell from the lemon
and the oranges how lovely it is yeah
come on then let's pop it all in a
little loop perfect
let's give it a stir oh this looks
delicious
perfect for those sunny days isn't it
yeah
we need to make it go Oh Inge well it's
a fruit punch it can be any color it
wants to be you can put any flavored
juice in but this one's particularly
tasty right you ready good noise you
know there we go there's yours Milo and
meds how is it amazing oh good that's
what we want
amazing drinks there we go you've made
that you too how clever delicious oh
good girl if you haven't got one of
these dispensers don't worry you can
always pop it in a jug but these are
really good to take on a picnic if it
tastes too strong top it up with some
cold water or ice cubes this will help
just dilute it a little bit if you'd
like to have a go at another recipe
there are more cocoa lungs for you to
explore we'd love to see what you've
made take pictures and tweet them too at
each hobby project hashtag let's cook
along so did you enjoy that absolutely
yeah Oh fantastic I hope you enjoy
making it too
you